Cubzh Gigax Unit (Unit 3) (#22)
huggingface/making-games-with-ai-course: units/en/unit3/demo.mdx

In this demo, Cubzh serves as the **game engine** running directly within a Hugging Face Space, users can easily clone it to experiment with custom scripts and NPC personas.

## What is Gigax?

[Gigax](https://github.com/GigaxGames/gigax) is the platform game developers use to run **LLM-powered NPCs at scale**.

Gigax has fine-tuned large language models for NPC interactions, **using the "function calling" principle.**

It's easier to think about this in terms of input/output flow:

- In **input**, the model reads [a text description](https://github.com/GigaxGames/gigax/blob/main/gigax/prompt.py) of a 3D scene, alongside a description of the recent events and a list of the NPC's available actions (e.g., `<say>`, `<jump>`, `<attack>`, etc.).

- The model then **outputs** one of these actions using parameters that refer to 3D entities that exist in the scene, e.g. `say NPC1 "Hello, Captain!"`.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/181_npc-gigax-cubzh/gigax.png" alt="gigax" />

> Gigax has **open-sourced their stack!** You can download their [fine-tuned models on the 🤗 Hub](https://huggingface.co/Gigax), and clone their [inference stack on Github](https://github.com/GigaxGames/gigax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gigax has **open-sourced their stack!** 
You can clone their [inference stack on Github](https://github.com/GigaxGames/gigax).
For this demo, their models are hosted in the cloud, but you can [download them yourself on the 🤗 Hub](https://huggingface.co/Gigax):
- [Phi-3 fine-tuned model](https://huggingface.co/Gigax/NPC-LLM-3_8B)
- [Mistral-7B fine-tuned model](https://huggingface.co/Gigax/NPC-LLM-7B)
```
